welcome to the man who recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 5 the episode
starts with a little more backstory of
Ciroc he and his brother escaped the
nuking of Paris and they saw all the
chaos in the world they wanted to
control it make the world a better place
in the presents trucks got a cool watch
that doesn't tell the time it shows him
however ho blooms doing like if
everything's chill right now or if
there's any anomalies going on he's
talking to the president of Brazil
warning him about an uprising that
Rehoboam predicted and the senior shows
us how powerful Ciroc is he's talking
down to this guy like look how we got
you elected if you don't fix this we'll
get your replacement in here stack now
Dolores and Caleb of just kidnapped Liam
Dempsey she wants his access key into
her poem Dempsey stabs Caleb with the
one weapon he has on him the party drug
genre that his friend gave him back at
the party Dolores tree captures him real
quick and they're moving on but now
Caleb's having a wild drug trip he's in
the black-and-white movie they catch an
uber but surak's men have found him they
control the whole system including these
self-driving cars so they pull him over
Dolores convinces Dempsey that they're
not here to save him he's become a
liability surak's gonna kill him now so
he uses his access they take the car
offline and Dolores is driving now
there's no steering wheel by the way
she's just giving the car voice commands
like accelerated turn left and stuff but
now that they're in a car chase Caleb's
drug trip is switching genres yeah he's
in an action movie now Dolores hands him
a big gas gun and is like your kid have
some fun
unfortunately he misses but it's coming
back for him yeah it's targeted boom
blows up the car they finally pull over
and other cars come in Adam but Dolores
called in reinforcements yes it's her
trusty motorcycle boom here to save the
day again
but now Caleb's trip is switching genres
again into a romance
yeah he's fallen for Dolores like who is
this crazy awesome chick they called in
some more backup to Caleb's criminal
friends what's up guys Dolores sends
Dempsey's access key to the other
Dolores Scottish security guy he's got
Bernard with him not here to hurt him
but to explain Dolores his plan she's
gonna send everyone Bravo balm data on
themselves so everyone gets a text
showing them the entire outline of their
lives and realizing that you've never
really had a choice or free will your
whole life has been planned out for you
makes people angry zone they get outside
the world's going crazy already
genres
his regalia everyone's woken up and
broken out of their loops yeah it's very
similar to the robots of West world
waking up and becoming conscious
timorous Rahman find him they're gonna
shoot Kaleb but Delores steps in front
of him
takes the bullets for him and takes
these guys out hey looks like um I'm I
on drugs or did you just get shot
multiple times like it's nothing but
Delores just zips up her jacket like
yeah don't worry about it
meanwhile Bernards best bro Stubbs comes
in to rescue him but he's like hey
actually you guys are free to go we're
not enemies
Bernard you've got an important part to
play still so get on out of here then
they bring Collins in for a virtual
meeting with Ciroc like what the heck
happened here and he's like joke's on
you sir rock it was me and boom boom
blows up the office systems in Bernard
walk out or they're like what the heck
is Delores up to we'll see right now
Delores and crew get Dempsey under the
pier and he's being a real douche he's
like look all this chaos is what you get
when you don't control people our system
Rojo booms not the problem you people
are the problem so girl criminals shoots
him like yeah you can't tell me who I am
and they piece out of there
as he lay dying he's telling Caleb like
it was you there's some big mystery in
Caleb's past that he doesn't know yet so
keep an eye out for that
Delores also used her axis to take all
of surak's files and see what his deal
is and that's why we see more of his
backstory in this episode through
Delores his eyes and his brother we're
building her hobo home but they needed a
money man so they got dempsey senior
they showed him how her hobo one could
predict the stock market stuff he's like
yeah this is great but he never
understood Sarat zero plan to control
the whole world the flam is working good
for a while but in all the projections
eventually the system collapsed there
are too many people that are outliers or
anomalies that they just can't predict
in fact one of them was surak's brother
huh trouble genius type who would
eventually decide her ho bones no good
and like bring it to an end eventually
Soraka had some sort of company prison
for all these people all the anomalies
that they couldn't predict he explains
that he would also manipulate the system
to put these people into dangerous
situations like war sounds like that's
probably what happened to Caleb he was
flagged as an anomaly early and then
sent off to war to hopefully die Cobo
I'm also predicted that Dempsey senior
wouldn't be okay with this kind of world
manipulation so Ciroc crashed his jet
and killed him yeah so in the present
Dolores has watched all these memories
and is on a hollow call with Ciroc right
now he is real pissed that Dolores has
destroyed his whole world order but
she's like no I'm gonna set everyone
free in fact what is Dolores his
motivation we thought it was as simple
as destroy all humans but when she
realized that the real world was just as
controlled as Westworld it seems
she wants to free all humans and take
down their master Ciroc in her hobo um
he looks like you Oh Dolores are we
doing the right thing here maybe it's
better if people don't know their whole
future but Dolores is like trust me
stick with the plan and they get on a
private jet that's where the episode
comes to an end hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion